Development (#7)
GitWray1/niceRplots: vignettes/NICE_cookbook.Rmd

  plot_ly(x = ~Sepal.Width,
          color = ~Species,
          # Use NICE colours - remove colour names so it maps correctly
          colors = nice_pal("cat")[1:3],
          type = "histogram",

>           # Black outline for bars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # White outline for bars
```

> Add a black outline around the bars so adjacent colours of stacked bars are better distinguished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For stacked bar charts, add a white outline around the bars so adjacent colours are better distinguished.
```

          y = ~items,
          type = "bar",

>           # Bold teal bars with black outline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Bold teal bars with white outline
```

          # Make horizontal
          orientation = "h",

>           # Bold teal bars with black outline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Bold teal bars with white outline
```

> `pad_axes = FALSE` here in `nice_plotly_theme()` as we do not want a gap between the x axis tick marks and the x axis line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pad_axes = FALSE` here in `nice_plotly_theme()` as we do not want a gap between the x-axis tick marks and the x-axis line.
```

             y_title = "Dispensed items",
             # Don't pad the axes, as ticks shown. Do not want gap between axis line and ticks
             pad_axes = FALSE)

plotly_scatter_chart
```

#### Faceted charts

The easiest way to make NICE-themed [faceted charts in Plotly is to make it in ggplot](https://plotly.com/ggplot2/facet-plots/), apply the `nice_gg_theme()` and then convert it into a Plotly chart using the function ggplotly. 

```{r ggplotly_facet}

> # Create chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Convert previously created faceted ggplot to Plotly
```
